Project Requirements
Arthur Kot, Hannah Speranza, Gabriela Zabiegaj, Aubrey Brown 
Engineering Requirements
ER1: The drone model shall have 6 degrees of freedom (center of mass motion plus attitude) and account for gravity and lift generated from 4 rotors.
This is x, y, z; yaw, pitch, roll
Can maybe steal equations of motion from the final project for ae353?
ER2: The drone model shall be able to modify its state and attitude solely through increasing or decreasing the number of revolutions per second of its 4 rotor blades, as determined by the motor torques.
I’m not sure how to verify this? State-space model? Did he discuss this in class? Potentially the eye diagram he keeps showing off? 
Discussion with team
ER3: The modeled drone shall be able to achieve the performance goals as outlined in section 4, without exhausting its power supply.
Hover 1m above ground for 2 minutes. 
Fly in a circle of radius 2m, at an altitude of 1m above ground at a speed of 0.5m/s for at least 1 minute. 
Launch from ground and ascend vertically until 1m above ground. Move in a straight line 1m above ground at an average speed of 1m/s for 5m, stop (hover), yaw 90 deg to the left, move in another straight line for 5m, stop (hover), land vertically with a speed of no more than 1cm/s. 
Research COTS components to determine power supply size and battery size
ER4: The model as determined through its parameters such as mass, power consumption, engine torques and rotor blade size shall be realistic and implementable, preferably through the use of off-the-shelf parts. In particular, the mass of the drone shall be between 0.1kg and 10kg.
This can be done, just need to do preliminary research into COTS drone parts
Reporting Requirements
RR1: The team shall compile a report containing the following sections: 
List of team members, 
Introduction to the problem (0.5 - 2 pages), 
A mathematical description of the problem and the model (5 pages max), 
A detailed description of the results discussing model performance (5 pages max), 
A list of actual contributions of team members (1 page max), 
References (if needed, no page limit). 
A valid proposal contains all sections and has at least 5 pages. 
This is all just formatting, can be done with LaTex Hannah Speranza
RR2: The report shall be written in 11pt font (except headings) with 1.0 line spacing. 
AIAA formatting requirement, easy dub
RR3: The equations of motion for the drone have to be presented as mathematical formulae with all quantities and variables explained in the text. 
Easy, just list all important variables in nomenclature in LaTex
RR4: Visualization of the model performance shall be provided in the form of plots e.g. for each degree of freedom vs time, or through alternative means of visualization. 
Using matplotlib? Easy dub, won’t have to develop a graphics engine like for 353 😭
RR5: Code that has been developed in the framework of this project has to be submitted via a link to a GitHub repository. 
Easy dub
RR6: A complete Preliminary Design Review draft of the report shall be delivered electronically to Gradescope by the corresponding project deadline, see section 7. 
See RR6
RR7: Preliminary Design Reviews of 3 other team reports shall be delivered electronically to Gradescope by the corresponding project deadline, see section 7. 
I think this is in class? idk
RR8: The final report shall be delivered electronically to Gradescope by the corresponding project deadline, see section 7. 
Self-explanatory, easy dub
RR9: Every team member shall upload copies of their team report and work-plan to Gradescope by the respective deadline. Group submissions are acceptable. Late submissions will not be accepted.
Self-explanatory, easy dub
